Gwenevere Abriel: Nicholas Graham.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's do a sound check and video. Make sure they're all in sync sound and video moving along sync all sunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Video. Oh, let me hear you. Can you hear me. Right. Yes. There we go. Cool. Good morning. How are you, I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So you've got a sense of humor. That's a good start. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're here. You haven't completely disappeared on Dr. Every I was asking about you yesterday and I said, he is still tethered
Gwenevere Abriel: And you must have been going through something yeah and and curious to see kind of what your story is with that and maybe we can spend a little time with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can't hear you. What just happened. I lost all audio. Let's check on it. First, something happened. I lost it completely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Did you do you know what changed. I have no idea. It's sitting here and I'm 10 feet from my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird to come in from my phone, but okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, we're good. I'll just, I'll just let you know. Okay, so, so, something, something happened, or maybe. Well, let me just show should listen
Nick Graham: Yeah, I like I like watched
Nick Graham: Sydney like cut a risk.
Nick Graham: And I had to like take her into the ER to like stay the night and that's pretty pretty not
fun to watch.
You know, to, like, so like started out with some
Nick Graham: Episode. And she was like,
Nick Graham: I don't know if it was like it, obviously, anyone who cuts areas like does it for a bad reason, you know, and so it was because I like saw that she was like
Nick Graham: Talking to some guy. And basically what I'm determining is like that's do all the tile for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. And then I went on like a downward
Slope and
Nick Graham: Then I like the drugs like
Twice.
Nick Graham: In the last week like like last week.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I went in the woods. So nothing crazy. Nothing too crazy. Okay, what, what would crazy have been
Nick Graham: I think crazy would have been like
That's probably pretty crazy, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know most people aren't expecting anyone to really listen to what they're saying. But I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Very bad. Okay. Alright, so, so we're going to backpedal from the minimization, and we're going to say pretty bad. Okay. So, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see so we I what I'm hearing was this. This is an isolated event. Is that how you view it. It's just this pocket. I would I would believe so. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if you and I might disagree on that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this will be a right, wrong, it might be just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm an outsider looking in. I tend to see things as more progressive than the person that's sort of in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So like, if I were to pull up notes and look at marijuana use Xanax use self medication. I wonder if we would see
Gwenevere Abriel: self medicating behavior. Yeah, and that's why I'm trying to say yellow think it's just came out of the blue. I don't even know what hit me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm looking, and I'm saying, well, it's a lot slicker than that we're saying yes to it and cracking open the door months in advance. We're getting ourselves ready for making a reservation for a relapse and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nick Graham: I definitely like knew what like I was doing, you know, it's not like you just
Nick Graham: sleepwalk and then suddenly you know you possess drugs like it was definitely like a targeted thing that happened and
So yeah, I mean I think like
It could be isolated if you if I would like use the right you know stress management tactics and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so let's just go backwards because I'm noticing that what I said I don't. Not sure if I've communicated well
Nick Graham: No, I think you're right. I think I understand what you're saying. There was a trend, leading to
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened. Yeah, so this word reservation. It's not just for dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can set it up a year or two or three. I know it seems amazing how patient and addict voice can be how patient, it can be a little way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait for you to get shame or get overwhelmed or right
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave that little window for, you know, I have sometimes I'll have these these group meetings. And I'll say, what's the one thing that you're going to give yourself a good excuse for for using again and everybody has one of course it's if they have children, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Something happens to my child. Right. Well, then I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you'd have to live through it and it would be awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: That just that's a reservation and no one wants to hear that I know and so I don't have that group very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make new friends there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, so that's the extreme now coming back. Right. So I've been watching. And I've been sort of, you know, sort of storing that okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Using other substances little things here and there, putting yourself in an environment where people are drinking. Right. It's not this cold black and white. I cannot be around it. I can't. I've got it, I've got to have all positive influences people that support this notion
Gwenevere Abriel: Of health literally of health, like it's just like, why would you be like, they would look at you like, why are you drinking. Why would you drive. I don't get it. There's so many what you know like are you around those people. I bet you've met them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're still with these other folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now I'm not trying to minimize this event. I just wanted to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was more seductive than that. And I know not everybody likes that word, but I do because it gets. Yeah. And you don't even know you're you're getting, like, come here and slowly you're moving closer and closer to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can we can definitely talk about that event, but with the time that you have, what would feel the most productive. What do you want out of today, you want to share something. Do you want to just
Gwenevere Abriel: bypass all that do EMT or do you want to get into because you have right now. Your check has moved also into joy, you've added a movement, you have an additional one. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Nick Graham: So I'm trying to think.
Nick Graham: What I think would be most productive. So I've been on
Nick Graham: This like tangent, like this little thought pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Nick Graham: The past few days. So I went out into nature and I
Nick Graham: Started to like really sit down and like think about different things and why
Nick Graham: I guess like respond like the way I do and things. And I've been like practicing like mindfulness and
Nick Graham: I was like,
Nick Graham: My roommate. So that's why, like I disagree with you surround like because you're not like like here so you can kind of only like see like what like patterns like you would probably see from your end
Nick Graham: That people like in my house, like maybe they'll have a beer like every week or so. And there's this one guy that lives with me.
Nick Graham: name's Josh and he's he's really cool. He's like one of those people that you look at, and you're like, Well, that's a Zen person.
Nick Graham: You know, like there's like that Christian that you look at, and they're like, wow, like what's what's going on with that person. Like, why are they so like calm and like he's like that way. But, like, just like Zen, you know, and so
Nick Graham: Kind of like speaking like with him about
Nick Graham: Like mindfulness and how, like, why is it that I can go to the pecker the pickles wilderness, just like the place that I go
Nick Graham: Why is it that I can just go there and then I can solve like problems like why can't I bring that with me.
Nick Graham: You know, like why can't see.
Nick Graham: That like live inside me like that.
Nick Graham: And so I mean going towards that and going towards like
Nick Graham: Fighting actively like like I know that we've talked in the past. And I always knew like I like taking a passive approach like
But
Nick Graham: I think like I need to be
Gwenevere Abriel: angry about this and like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Notice the irony of it and I I recognize. I have a note about Josh chill and now I've got an event I recognize them right here. It was really in contrast with this other really intensely almost fall Intel ADHD like so kind of keeping car trying to get to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we were going along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Invited client to investigate personal thoughts, emotions that felt since around when you're around, Josh. Look at that. I invited client to investigate personal thoughts, emotions felt sense the body's response when around. JOSH, WHAT DO YOU REMEMBER THAT invitation or not he did it.
Nick Graham: Yeah definitely didn't remember that, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it was like
Gwenevere Abriel: The watch the irony, how you. The last thing you just said was, I think I need to be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been more passive. So how do we go
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I bring and I'm going to call it really spirituality. Now, your, your definition of pay goes in nature. I have been watching it, it is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Greater than the self piece and that in my terminology right it's it's a connection right if it's that like standing here feeling your feet, imagining
Gwenevere Abriel: The gravity pulling you to the center of the Earth like it's amazing, it's consistent is reliable, it is there every time so cool so powerful. And when you decide to be present with that right then. It's this vast expanse of strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you do have to be on purpose about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the how, how do we take this chill vibe. This spirituality and anger the juice that comes from anger, which helps protect something. So let's take, let's take this spirituality here this vitality. This sense of efficacy confidence. You're grounded right when you're in Picos
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I right, you feel grounded. You feel connected not alone. Alone, but not lonely, maybe. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you come back to people and we're a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, why did you say I've been passive and now I need to be angry, where it where it. What is that because I have an idea. But I'd like to see how you say it. Well, I think that it probably comes from
Previous conversations
Nick Graham: That we have had
Nick Graham: And just the fact that I get angry about like the wrong things.
And
I'm trying to think.
Nick Graham: I feel like I should be mostly like I should be in, like, I don't know if, like, maybe like I feel like anger.
Nick Graham: Like by like in its root is not a good emotions and maybe like
The word that I would use it, be like, like maybe find a way to like harness that energy and use it towards something positive, or
Gwenevere Abriel: So the goal. Yeah. Well, I like to. I like to
Gwenevere Abriel: neutralize your, your negative opinion about anger. I'm a big fan. And so maybe we'll just just keeping it from
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe find a word that you don't have associated with rage breaking things hurting people damaging relationships like I'm guessing you have your aunt, you're looking at what anger has done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe, maybe we can play with a little word game so that you're not having to have that ambivalence, or that resistance around the word I'm a fan. But I also have this best terminology of it and
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what it's like when people don't have it, and how depressed. They get without it. So like I have this like I care for it, just as much as I do all the other ones. But I know what I suspect, you're thinking. So let's think of a word that has a sense of harnessed
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me I'll throw some out and I'll say what I've witnessed is when people can harness it they have vitality
Gwenevere Abriel: They have confidence they have conviction and determination, where the person that finds it unacceptable and they've grown up with the it's not acceptable to be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: They only know they've only got to turn it in, and then they get really depressed. It just goes in here and wipe them out. But if it's okay that that emotion is there to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And so now if I finish that sense. And this is where you come in. First let's pick another word, and then we're going to say what it
Gwenevere Abriel: What is purposes. What is protecting what it is safe guarding. So what's a word that works for you instead of anger, it could still be an energized mobility.
I'm trying to
Nick Graham: Think of that. Like, I guess, like I would probably like to put in a sense of like
Flames or
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got some symbolism, let's let's play with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I put so harness anger. We've got imagery of flames.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, we're back to some elements for back to nature. Again, or we're back to it. We can't deny it just can't. It's just relevant for your, for your sense of identity and where you deeply connect in the meeting you make and I don't know much about elements.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be a little naive in here, but I think there's this whole field of like understanding what the flame is and like your astrological sign and things like that. There's this whole world. I think you could probably check out where there'd be some neat terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's let's see if we can just play linguistically with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So words that I think of are assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's kind of a low flame word, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can find some words somewhere in between. Maybe so rages way, hot, hot, hot, hot big flame assertive and kind of low like an
Gwenevere Abriel: Ember, maybe. So let's think of something that might might capture in between here maybe see if you can see, see it in another sometimes it's easier for us to we're good at labeling other people. Sometimes it's harder to turn it on ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could start with Josh
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he do to protect his convictions.
Whoa, like the way that I'm like discuss like
Nick Graham: Well, I can't. I could not see that that character and like in any in any form of like
Anger or
Focused or like happiness or
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, try this word assertive on with him just as a point of departure. You can't quite see the anger on a Josh, can you see assertive member of my question was,
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he do to protect his convictions. Now, that's my question. And you went to seeing anger on him. You tried that outfit on that little costume didn't fit. Let's try something else. What does Josh do to protect his convictions.
Nick Graham: You like walk barefoot through people's yards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he is. It is that a defiance of social norms. What do you think is in tension with that as well.
Nick Graham: I think it comes from, like, like getting into like mindfulness
Nick Graham: I think the reason that it's so possible to feel connected into nature is because there's not like associations to like society or to man or two.
Nick Graham: Things and so like I think like the idea of like property as a as an idea property is just an idea. It's a boundary drawn by a man, you know, and so like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally with it. It's kind of like a way to
Like it's
Nick Graham: Just like be like, I mean I think like the way that he described it was like a deer. Like sometimes like like I was walking you know barefoot at night like
Nick Graham: Like through the neighborhood, and I just like walk through people's yards and I like felt like a deer, you know. And for me that was like the most like primitive feeling like the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah word
Gwenevere Abriel: That's got some real energy to it that primitive or doesn't it all of a sudden I got like there's a lot in that one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, primal. It's not, that's not a low vibe. That's not down here and that sad little sort of thing that's like somewhere in between, isn't it, that's a. Okay, so we're getting somewhere. I think we
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we found it. Okay, you found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Primal primitive right okay but coming deeply FROM YOUR NATURAL animal. Yes, happens to be human.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body shared it, you do share it with other animals other forces. Okay. All right. So some things I played with as you were talking, we're I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Josh
Gwenevere Abriel: Behaves
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Of man's arbitrary
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundaries. Yeah. Now their profit gaining boundaries. If I say this is mine. I can demand money and barter with that commodity money, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he's not. He doesn't want to play. He wants to go off grid a bit. He wants to not he wants to opt out. It sounds like want to opt out of that I want to stay more in touch with some other truths some more primal truths.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see some common grounds. Like, that's where you guys can really mesh in your mindset. Yeah.
Nick Graham: I think so, like, well, I think.
Nick Graham: I want to be able to like Chuck off those like
Nick Graham: Constructs, you know, like, because I think that's what a lot of like my
Nick Graham: stress and worry and anxiety. I think it comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: giving meaning to things that don't have inherent meaning. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so first I would invite you to explore. I don't know if you have the ability to take a note, I may have said it before, continue to have personal experience in and
Gwenevere Abriel: Listening to her and reading about Pema children. She's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure if you have been
Nick Graham: With that, if at all, so I think of it, put it in writing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm gonna pull it out or Scott's a little loud. So I think on her name. So I'm gonna get the right
Gwenevere Abriel: Spelling for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she got to allows she's like one's not enough good golly,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Let's see what we got here. Here's comma she's just a lovely, lovely human. Um, so this is just so you can get the spelling of her. This is her Pema and showed her and CH O, you know. Laughs on top D like David are a little notes and
Gwenevere Abriel: Follow us something, say, one more time, like Pauly Nepalese or something like that. She's a Buddhist I believe MCC
Gwenevere Abriel: Dallas I'm forgetting, which I get that, too. I just once, I see an overlap in in any kind of thinking I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. I'm funny. Well, I can't explain it. I see what's in common. My mind goes to what's in common with a thing instead of pulling them apart. I just, it's just the way my brain has it was hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: distinguish different theorists and in graduate school. I kept going to say, Yeah, but this is just a different word for the same phenomenon. I don't understand why this theorist is trying to read a book about the same damn thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: My teacher was not happy with me. But, okay, so I had to knock that off to take that test. Anyway, so she's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but she's a mom, right. So she had a teacher that teacher had a teacher this these are pieces of truth that have come by trying true experience by many people. And he know what is interesting. I HADN'T LISTENED TO HER this old tape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tape, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: and stuck it in my internal speaker my house because it's the only tape recorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around anymore and turn it on. It was going through the house and there it was. Things I continue to say in my work and I had long since forgotten where I got it in there. It was that word mindfulness, which
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, because I've been saying it for so much I'm I feel a little nauseous to my stomach. Every time I say it because it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: People don't like it's losing its meaning. Now you're just kind of dipping into it. So it's not that, and I'll be careful with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm here was I know it's like you really, you're gonna say Michael this but she's but hers is like I've been listening to this now for a long time. And so her main piece for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because I've had to meet a lot of different sort of those those some the things that I go over in therapy. I have met them myself. I don't talk about anything that I don't know personally
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I do. I typically announce it, I say, well, this is one. I don't really know much about, but it is statistically reliable and let's give it a shot. So with her. It was this
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying start off with this one with the one that really was the hardest to sit with was groundless
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you mean restlessness. I'm trying to get grounded everything about what a therapist does right everything I tell you is, what did I just say, feel your feet on the earth and feel grounded, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Next level from that this stuff that gets you like
Gwenevere Abriel: These ideas that we can attach to something
Gwenevere Abriel: And let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can enjoy it and let it go. It's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have to have it. That's the one that we get hung up on so you take a job she takes
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know him, but it can go too far too. It can be
Gwenevere Abriel: inconvenient for him or others if it's so far outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Of how our society works, then if you're not going to fit in a tribe anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see it. Yeah, and that's up to him, that's up to however he navigates that but anything we take too far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it adaptive for you. Is it maladaptive that's kind of the register, so I will get fancy will learn all these fancy things. And we'll come back to some basics and will say, is this working for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now we come back we went out. We talked about some philosophy and we come back and we say what you've been doing these years. Is it is it healing a deep wound is it moving you forward into the growth and development, you want for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. You tell me.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think definitely not like the the way I've been dealing with things currently for the past
I guess I started using substances.
Nick Graham: When I was like 12 or 13 so I think no, I don't think it's
Nick Graham: Helpful. I think every life problem I've ever had is rooted in substance use. I mean,
Nick Graham: Like, you know. And so no, it's not. And that's kind of like where that that search is coming in like there's something more like that. I don't think most people find it like I don't I don't think they do. I think
And I can't be like
Nick Graham: inundated by like buying things and
Gwenevere Abriel: filling gaps that way. But that's the solution you drug was a solution material pretty shiny things as a solution. And so his religion.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bit that I'm bringing up is next level, you can go get one and you are you're searching. Now another solution, something that gives you what is healthy, instead of a drug. Maybe it's here, but it's still busy solving a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: A is there really a problem. Maybe we're talking about it. Once you and I are working on those things maybe eventually it'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not wounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are searching and you're just starting to see there might be another solution. Another way to address my distress inside that's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'll get that far. And you'll stop and you'll be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mission accomplished.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that isn't enough. Right. And you still lean forward, we still look at the Joshua's and you still say
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to detach further I want to opt out further, you can already see that there are people that would go further off the grid and say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even more, but you may find your own balance between holding on. I like I want to have money. I want to buy a house. I'm not hung up by the side. I do want to, I kind of want to house. I want to film. I'm going to go with this until I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it turns out that the big existential question. Is your right to choose.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be pretty heavy. When you really get it because that's that's the big one. You have a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we think, oh, we want all that freedom. Don't tell me what I can and can't do, but it's a burden to have that much choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you do. It's there, whether you want to be conscious of it. The people that grab on to a religion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab onto will if I make enough money. If I have the right house, the number of children in the right things by then my dad will be just right, and it'll be a good person will go to heaven, and everything will be fine. And I'll be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That if they can hold on to it, really. And it works for them. They're happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for the person outside of all of that they have tried those things. It can be very confusing because it doesn't feel that great. Like that's still empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what I just want you to know that there's room there's still room out there, philosophy, certain spiritual things religions, they give that space for that additional growth spurt. If you decide, hey, I've tried out these things right now you're starting to consider.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we were I would call this pre contemplation phase, you know, kind of letting go of this other solution substance and you're starting to look at maybe some spiritual connection as a solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so if the goal is, how did you word it you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Number, which you said started to write it goal harness anger and then we had imagery of flame. So if the goal today is how to harness it
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to know it's in its TO DO IN FOR what purpose. What's it going to do for you if we harness it what it in the service of what
I think
To
Nick Graham: I guess I've always like thought that, let's say, people who believe in God or people who
Practice, whatever.
Nick Graham: It isn't these like things don't just like come naturally. Like, you don't just wake up one day and you're like a
Nick Graham: believer in God or so like it like takes practice. And so, like, I think, like, in order to
Nick Graham: It requires like a concerted effort. And so that's what I mean by like harness anger, like in like turn it into like being able to focus on like
Nick Graham: Hey, like I'm feeling weird today, like I'm feeling like I can't quite grasp. Like what's hurting me and i think i think i would like to, instead of just letting that burden like stay on me. I'd like to be able to stop and address that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: Will your solution before for burden and distress was a drug something else don't know rage or whatever acting out maybe even a depression or I don't want to live right, those were on your list of opt outs. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to never include the death one. But the truth of the matter is, it's my choice to that's the truth and the ugly truth, but it is. There it is. Okay, so I don't really want those high on the list.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. But what I didn't hear you say is, well, when I'm burdened, what am I going to do, I'm going to focus where
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to harness this energy and effort and focus to what, what are we going to do, what are you going to do, what are you going to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, don't, don't have a religious
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing right at this point.
Nick Graham: Well I, I do like I am. I know like I know God and I'm like known seemed felt God I'm still trying to like figure out what it is like, it's like
Nick Graham: Like the God that I know is like
Nick Graham: The Jesus of the Bible, like, and I don't
Nick Graham: Only that not like the judgmental people
Gwenevere Abriel: Were like the dude who would like give a shirt off his
Nick Graham: Back to someone
Or the dude who is like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, nice and friendly and healing. So like
Nick Graham: That's like that that like the God that I know is like New Testament. Jesus like
Nick Graham: You didn't who never said anything about homosexuals. You never said anything about like that. That's who I know
Nick Graham: And I felt it.
But
Nick Graham: It's like a weird cross that doesn't quite fit with like
Christianity like and
Ironically, in some weird ways because
Gwenevere Abriel: But there is one and I'm forgetting it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The heck is it call here is I mean I'm can't really tell if what you're saying is I wouldn't mind going literally on a regular basis to a structure where other people of like mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm taking in a sermon. Yeah. Yeah, me too. That feels good. Feels good. And now I have community of I have a group of people that share this and when I'm in a burdened moment. I know I can go there and I can end I on the can have this mindfulness slash prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in nature and I can do all of those things intentionally purposefully when I'm feeling burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not words escaping lol I'll remember it as soon as we hang up today. And then we'll send you a link or something. But there are there are
Gwenevere Abriel: There are beliefs out there, they kind of get what you're talking about the kind of just sort of hold on to this and they have a deeper the language things about nature and more responsibility and accountability and that way it is out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I'm forgetting the word right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's, let's do this. Let's talk a little bit about how you can already sort of resonate with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you share in common with
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some neat words like beneficence unconditional love, because that's what he has. It's not conditional. It's not based on
Gwenevere Abriel: Gender skin actions or inactions it's just one thing. It's just, he's gonna he presents consistently with one presentation over and over, love, love, love every single time with every single one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have in common with him.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I've been
Trying to think that that was one of my conclusions I came to over the weekend like like love is the answer, but
Gwenevere Abriel: In theory, you know, it's like, no, it's not a fear and yo. It is a hard practice and you wake up to consciousness. It's hard. Every time and you do it anyway. Yeah.
Nick Graham: Well, I like I was like, all right, I'm gonna be like loving to these people and like you know something like treating Pete, some people in my life that are like so and so.
Nick Graham: Go to Sydney and be like, hey, like I forgive you. And I was like, hey, you're stupid bitch and you
Nick Graham: said hi you or like sorry for the language like that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but
Nick Graham: That's basically what happened you
Know,
Nick Graham: What I'm, what I'm getting at is, it was like
Nick Graham: What I decided is like
Nick Graham: That's why like
Nick Graham: Anger, I think, is
Nick Graham: In some ways, like, okay, because it exists in like I have to like live in harmony with like that. I guess it's like when it turns destructive maybe when it becomes a bad thing. And so that's what I was kind of trying to
touch on a little bit earlier like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, here's my perspective on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Were threatened by her behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't sit with will just take one little quote. This is just a random one right just, I just pulled this green out. Listen to what she says.
Gwenevere Abriel: The most fundamental aggression to ourselves. The most fundamental harm, we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Random pulled it out. That's one quote that's one random thing internet just looking at the spelling of her name, but I want you to see how you disrespected you how you were angry, how you were threatened how you did not sit with the fact that someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrongs you wronged you. In the socially informative ways and you were offended and so she's, of course, so she's a bit trite.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you could have opted out
Gwenevere Abriel: And then loving and kind and not threatened right
Gwenevere Abriel: By others that we have to do it in here at the same time. In fact, first rehearse that
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to go forgive someone else you're not going to be very good at it until you know how to do it for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't even think right even beyond the forgiveness part, I'm not a huge fan. I'll say that word, but really what I'm thinking is, there's nothing to forgive and I want to do this early work with you so that you see. Not a bad boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are forced to be in a situation that has deeply transformed your interpretation of the world and and I want you to have relief I want relief for you. You're not a bad boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I want that healing for you. And so I find the relapse inconvenient because I'm in a rush.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get to the healing, but I gotta be patient. I've got to meet you where you're at. And so we'll spend time doing this, um, because this isn't my work. This is yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, I want to meet with you again, I want to, you know, okay, well now when now when right because I've got my little plan. But so what I've got to meet you where you're at.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you said this Jesus stuff that's all good in theory that lovey W. Yeah, yeah, yeah, easier said than done.
Gwenevere Abriel: No true or thing has been said, why do you think Jesus so so special. It's frickin hard
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. I get pissed off all this time, like, oh, and then I come back and I repair it as quick as I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: As quick as I can. That's the best I can do in this human form. Can't do i can't i can't do any better than how I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Good Person took something personally good person. Use this old filter. Okay. All right, come back. What can I do, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't go to a drunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the problem is interpersonal well then I'm going to solve it into personally
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't solve a spiritual problem with a chemical solution. We can't do it. It won't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've tried that and you may do it another 10 times. I don't know how many times you'll do it just because you really want to really be clear.
Nick Graham: I'm going to try to sign in over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, let me let me. I'm gonna let you in over on the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha there. You want me to take you out to the other room. Oh, you did already. Okay. So you like in this room. Can we hear, I haven't heard you yet waiting for audio.
Nick: Right, I should be able to hear you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, says has
Nick: Cool. Got it.
Nick: So,
Nick: Yeah, I
Nick: Agree like
Nick: I think that it is like, it's like practice and I think
Nick: Like I've practiced it like I've gotten close to that conclusion before but
Nick: It's hard to like stay on to that. And I don't know what it's rooted in like I read like basic like
Nick: Buddhist like texting. When I was in boot camp one time and
Nick: It was talking about.
Nick: How a lot of, I guess, like ability to be like enlightened is like from detachment and like depravity and like, like I do not feel attached to this like
Nick: I don't like maybe like the reason that I can't practice. Love is because I have like my personal ego invested into this little thing and
Nick: That's the harmful. Part of it is when you let it affect you personally and so I guess like the real thing is how to
Nick: Get through that like to where I can be like, it's fine, like that.
Nick: Yeah, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep remember we get it complicated with all our words you just go to super, super simple, simple words, there's been a word that's been moving throughout today's session and has to do with attachment
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, maybe there's a different word for you. But now I use the word groundless and you saw my hands do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This and let go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sydney
Gwenevere Abriel: Went out on me. Oh my God says about me. I'm not valuable enough to be boiled ouch up. I like go that isn't what to see someone else's behavior doesn't determine me and I've let go.
Gwenevere Abriel: cutting herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: How could she do that if she knew what that was doing to me will kind of a friend of mine, I should be enough for her. I'm holding on. Oh, it hurts. This is awful lot of weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: On her behavior. This is her journey. It's not mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can love her. I know this kind. You know what that is not let that giving up that last ditch effort for somebody saved me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm giving up maybe some of the. See how desperate. Somebody, somebody, somebody see my desperation, you could have gone to me right and you probably did at some point right empathy I relate to this sorrow to this hopelessness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's not the same as meeting her to be different so that you feel okay with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: This I'm giving you a visual because this will going to do it naturally because we're conditioned we grew up in very similar cultures.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, probably because you're in a car he wearing a cute jackets, you got your hair all styled up right we're in the same similar kind of culture North American right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to get you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The best we can probably do unless you want to take it. Next level, you know, okay, maybe, great. You're gonna grab it all. You can just check just to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let go of expectation. How am I feeling. How can I love myself, How can I love more in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see I am in perceived threat right now I must be look at me holding on to something. What am I holding on to an image of myself that is so far outdated.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even recognize it anymore. I'm holding on for holding on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even like this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know her, get to know her. I'll open my heart and I'll get to know her because she's another
Gwenevere Abriel: Good to know her. She's deserves to be no, because I have an agenda to be like that, that, that all these other levels. This is another human in the human struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she's in my circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can come at it from all kinds of different ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't completely detach but I realized this stuff gets stolen and in my things get stolen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've had things last don't have to look at it. Look at it really right.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are hard things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the moment neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love has an action plan. It isn't nebulous. It isn't very
Gwenevere Abriel: How will you show it to yourself and next time you make contact with another human. What will you do
Nick: What, what if you had to describe that action plan.
Nick: Yeah, like like put it like I guess in in something that's like can be practiced and likely
What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back to the breath. I know, roll your eyes get it over with.
Nick: So you break it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You read it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not in danger. I'm in perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is being threatened.
Gwenevere Abriel: The image of myself, I bet. Oh, I don't like being treated
Gwenevere Abriel: About me. Oh, I don't even like with my own behaviors and remembering what I did, I don't know, like myself,
Gwenevere Abriel: No one even has to be around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing because then you remember this, am I in danger, or am I in perceived threat what's being threatened, just stay there. Stay there. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you practice unconditional love, that's Jesus then you body it, guess what, then you're doing it now. There's no threat. Now your hearts open the people around me, like, hey, did
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can give love get love flows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there really is dangerous brains going to perceive something what it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back to us or really any danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't really allow don't act out stay there. Few more beats, even if it's a little ornery a little longer. What am I trying to run away from. Why is it so uncomfortable to be me what's wrong with me something wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lovable done some shitty things I'll probably do some shitty things and all
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I want to feel good going to be in love, and I want to love others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief remember look around and really check what you're proceeding dangerous.
Nick: Yeah, that's, that's the hard part like like
Nick: And I guess like I've like that's what I did like the other day, and like, that was really helpful like
Nick: Just
Nick: Sometimes there's easily things that feel
Nick: Dangerous that you can't even like articulate and that's like that's like the hardest thing like this like
Nick: Something that like sits like it feels like it sits like right here in my brain and like something just like
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but that's the one I want to desensitize re relate. I want a reprocessing of it because my guess is notice in your language. It was no fun to watch. I remember something else that was no fun to watch. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever everybody phrases things the way you just raised them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you went and use drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm listening as best I can and I want to get it this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is still part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to change that relationship. So with that sense of our thinking brain of our spiritual because we kind of when we think we think that's where our life is our spiritual side or my thinking brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that without history and how would that relationship be how do I get to be more comfortable in my body love myself be free. And then I can give that to others. And so for me, I've got a little plan. I got a little plan. I'm just like, you know, let's do it. Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know, it's got to be when you're ready.
Nick: Yes, that's like
Nick: The like I'm kind of changed by like chain to this like it like things that have come up
Nick: I guess it's kind of the idea behind it like that. I'm gathering from you. And so desensitized yourself to it like
Nick: Basically helps you like
Nick: Navigate it like and instead of it being like this little block that I can't access it, or like be something that that you can like like navigate
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say that this, this is the thing. This is the neural network here this will call it trauma and it sits in isolation, with very let's say few on neuro transmitters connect to do it. Let's just a few of them there in isolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are a few connections and so they will come up whenever they feel like it whenever they are connected to
Gwenevere Abriel: A reminder of it and they come up intrusively and they come up in your limbic system. They don't come up through words through logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably didn't have access to that. In other words, the brain was cut off the our amygdala floods us with these
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever we don't have all the connections going on when the memory imprint happens. So it's in isolation, just sort of floating there and it comes up randomly feels random and intensely
Gwenevere Abriel: The work that I've started with you, has to do with putting more connections positive ones where your words you have positive experiences you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the
Gwenevere Abriel: Strength and we get to put it in the past, we know that it's in the past it's it's real. It happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm in charge and my relationship to it. I am not afraid of it. I can visit it when I want to. It's not going to come up whenever it feels like it out of the blue, and I'm not going to get wiped out by it. So basically you're changing your
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Descending desensitize changing the relations.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it does two things, and all the
Gwenevere Abriel: Again don't have you already kind of told me some of the pieces that we, you don't have to retell it. That's what's neat about this CMDR work, you won't have to retell it if you don't want to. If you want to witness to if you want to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still true these words, I'm saying like this. I'm happy to just listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this thing you did with your hand that it's still sitting there makes me think it's detached way. So let's, let's turn toward it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's face it directly the burden of the moment, let's let's change the relationship with it's not dis tonic. It's not something separate from the self, it's, it's part of your history.
Nick: And so, so you think like revisiting like the same stuff or like, like is there. I guess like
Nick: Is there an agenda like like behind that. So like obviously like it makes weird shit come up. So is that something that that you like.
Nick: As a, you know, as a, I guess like someone like trained in that is that like what you're kind of doing like starting out with mild things and then like
Nick: Like why do I go from talking about something small to like some like childhood trauma. Like, is that an edge. Are you steering that like are you like
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason I'm staring at the reason I've said it, and maybe it was fun. And in general, the theory behind it is if you this is complicated by whether my client, whether I kind of assess and we assess your ability to not completely D compensate
Gwenevere Abriel: Or dissociate, or you know i i it's a constant read. I'M READING READING READING.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you haven't been able to do. You've been able to sit with a narrow piece of the network. It's not going anywhere. I don't want to go everywhere. I just want
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to just work with this one piece right here and see how you right here. And yes, there's a part of me that wants to, and it is clinically indicated training is to find the earliest experience of it or the most intense they happen to be the same thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one we desensitize that one and reprocess that one, the neural connections, they're connected to
Gwenevere Abriel: Other lesser events, you're probably going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not such a big deal anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, it's efficient now for some people, because there's a dysregulation piece we can do a piece we can just work our way back. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write but I'm one of these people. That's like, well, that's he's got the strength. I've seen it. He's got the ego strength to do it. Maybe I misread, I don't know, and, and I think you can. Um, and then it's efficient.
Nick: Last
Nick: Week. Yeah, perfectly into it I i want i want an hour and a half, which that appointment that that was the ideal one like last week, you know, obviously, that things change. But, um, yeah.
Nick: Yeah, I can't do it an hour. I can't, I can't, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, listen, new day New Day new plan, let's plan. Okay. Um, I am if you want to. I'll just offer some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I am. See, I haven't seen pretty consistently people on Saturday. Have someone at nine in the morning, so you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Either before that, or after that I want to keep it all sort of I'm working in a kind of congeal timeframe, you're welcome to pick a time either eight or 10 then moving forward. You want it during the week, hour and a half hard because nothing. I always see people on the hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The way to create hour and a half of you early like you know 530 in the morning or if for some reason. The reason I don't choose the afternoon. A you typically work and be I'm not, that's not my best IQ time either. I tend to want
Gwenevere Abriel: I want morning I'm at best IQ emotional intelligence. I'm at my best for my clients in the first part of the day. So I'm not as good a clinician, I don't think
Nick: Yes, I agree. I think morning would would would be ideal as well. So then
Nick: Yeah, so then you think that the time that you'd be able to do a
Nick: An hour and a half 530
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could go April 11 at 10 to 11
Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or call it early.
And yes,
D right
Yeah.
Nick: So you said the time jack. Can you rename those times one more time because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, April 11 at 7am because that will give us an hour and a half my next clients at nine. Yeah. And then, or after that client which be would be 10 to 1130
Nick: I heard it, I would like to 730
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay right down or nope April 11 7:30am Mountain Standard
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there any chance you can create an environment where I mean the cars, fine. We can make it work. Adaptive
Nick: Yeah, it can be
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we could have you in a space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, or something that would be ideal, but I'll make work whatever you've got. Okay.
Nick: Yeah, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. My next clients here tapping her fingers in the waiting room.
Nick: Freezer. Okay. Well, thank you. And should I talk to a virtual clinic about refill I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, let me go to. I'll just send a message, your doctors, Dr. Raphael right
Nick: Yes, me over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's probably going to ask when you're going to go to a group. Do you want me to do you have a tentative plan.
Nick: Maybe next week or so. Well, or well with two appointments in a week, maybe if possible. The week after
Nick: If it's possible.
Nick: Okay, you want to be mindful of Prescription refills because I bet copay version. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to write down what you just said to me like
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing. I don't do two things very well at once. So I heard you say we're going to meet. So we'll meet on April 11 that means we've got lots of sort of services going on this week. So you don't want to meet April 13 through 17
Gwenevere Abriel: You're thinking of moving like two weeks forward as in sometime April 20 the 24th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, I'm adding also not know if you're interested. I really need people in this group, they need to build it.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 o'clock on a Tuesday.
Nick: My work days. That's right. Good smack dab in the middle. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to go to what you want to go to
Nick: 20 something 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Time you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next group will be April 21 at 7am I'll just plug Nick expected
Nick: Okay, cool. Thank you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you this weekend.
Nick: Okay, awesome. All right. Thank you.